Brandon Kerbow
Jonathan Kizer
Xinyun "Alexis" Zhang



This description describes the three parts of this assignment and indicates who worked on which part.



~~Part 1:~~

A .csv file is included in the part1 folder. The dataset includes statistics for a large number of US Colleges from the 1995 issue of US News and World Report. Only 2 varibales are used in part 1, one is the acceptance rate for each college and the other is the percent of new students those who were top 10% students in high school. 

The bar graph shows a relationship between this two varibals, as a higher rate of new students were top 10% in high school, the schools' average acceptance rate would be lower. 

Interaction: a scroll bar on the botton allows viewers to adjust the size of the bars, the percentage range each bar describes. With a wider range of percentage, the pattern is easier to see.  

~~Part 2:~~

Part 2 includes a .csv with information on cancer expenses. The visualization combines the type of cancer, the average initial year of treatment cost, and the total cost over a lifetime of treatment. Total cost is conveyed with the size of each circle, while the initial year is shown with the y-axis. Type of cancer is conveyed through the color of each circle. Mousing over any circle displays the relevant numbers below the visualization.

A description is included above the visualization.

The data source used was taken from here: https://data.world/health/expenditures-for-cancer-care
SQL queries were used before download to trim the file size down and specify the data to be across all ages and genders and geographic areas.



~~Part 3:~~

This RSS Reader draws from RSS feeds available here: https://www.nasa.gov/content/nasa-rss-feeds#what. Specifically, the reader draws from the 5 "topical news feeds".
The reader allows the user to click through the 5 radio buttons to select the different RSS feeds. Each feed is populated with bullet points of article articles. Hovering over these article titles shows a description and clicking on them opens a browser to link to the article source. All of the feeds contain more than one page so that article titles which do not fit on the first page (max of 6 per page) can be placed on subsequent pages. The "next" and "previous" buttons allow for the scrolling through these pages. 

The most difficult part of this assignment was determining the best way to organize the code. I chose to include different classes which provide functionality or ease of organization. Comments on these classes can be found in the code but a brief description of each is below:

RSS_Feed - a class for the RSS Feeds, there are five of them and the radio buttons indicate which one the user is viewing
Radio - radio button class, as shown in lecture and used in this code to select the RSS reader of interest
ButtonRect - rectangle button class, as shown in lecture and used in this code for the "next" and "previous" buttons
Button - included because it is a parent class of ButtonRect
Page - each RSS feed contains pages, so making a page a class made sense
Bullet point - each page contains bullet points (i.e. the article titles), so making a bullet point a class made sense
Article - used to store the information obtained from articles from the XML source, as shown in lecture

Also included is an animated sprite of a rocketship. Since interactivity is included via the mouse hovering and clicking, the inclusion of an animated sprite is to meet the full criteria for extra credit.



~~Which team member worked on each part:~~
Alexis Zhang - Part 1
Jonathan Kizer - Part 2
Brandon Kerbow - Part 3

